a) The kernels that I will accelerate in hardware are the matmul_forward and matmul_backward functions. These collectively represent 82% of the processing time for the program, and thus represent an up to ~5x program speedup if sufficiently accelerated. The algebraic intensity of these functions were calculated at ~250 FLOP/B, which place them firmly in the compute bound section of the graph. Indeed, with a sufficiently fast processor, the throughput upper bound from memory access for this function comes in at ~10 TFLOP/s, a speedup of 65x over the current CPU execution. 

b) The software baseline will continue to handle non-matrix multiplication elements of the algorithm, as implementing these sections in hardware would add complexity while almost certainly failing to improve performance. The interface between the hardware and software will be implemented by replacing calls to the matmul functions with data transfers to the hardware accelerators for those functions.

c) The maximum throughput of my DRAM memory is 38.4 GB/s. This serves as the upper bound of meaningful data transfer bandwidth to my accelerator, beyond which I would be replacing transfer bandwidth with DRAM bandwidth as the limiting factor. If I were to use SPI to transfer data to my accelerator, the maximum transfer rate I could expect would be 100Mbps, which would limit my throughput to 100Mbps / 8 b/B * 250 FLOP/B = 3.125GFLOP/s, a significant downgrade from the CPU execution throughput. AXI, on the other hand, can handle throughput of upwards of 64GB/s with a 1024 bit wide bus at 500MHz, which exceeds the throughput of my DRAM. This wide of a bus may not be reasonable/feasible, but running a 256 bit wide bus at 800MHz would still result in a throughput of 25.6 GB/s, which, while below the throughput of the DRAM, is still sufficient to allow a speedup of 43x, which results in a similar net program runtime. (.18 + .82/65 = .192, whereas .18 + .82/43 = .199). Therefore I will use AXI as my transfer protocol, as it is simpler to implement than PCIe, and still allows significant speedup before becoming memory bound. 

d) As discussed previously, the kernels I am accelerating are compute-bound on my current hardware. I cannot be certain that my accelerator will change that, but as mentioned in the previous sections, I should be able to increase processing speeds by at least 43x and potentially as much as 65x before I will become memory bound in my accelerator. It remains to be seen whether my accelerator can actually realize these levels of processing speedup. 
