1. I am trying to accelerate, i.e. make faster, the GPT-2 algorithm from a baseline of executing it solely on a CPU. I will be doing so by offloading matrix multiplication in the matmul_forward and matmul_backwards functions onto a custom hardware accelerator that uses a systolic array to perform matrix multiplication. 

2. There are two ways to consider the question of how the GPT-2 algorithm is executed today. First, is from the real world perspective of how top of the line servers execute the algorithm, which is done on powerful and often custom GPUs. This includes data center GPUs like NVIDIA's H100 and B200, or tensor Google's tensor processing units. The limiting factor for LLM training as a whole is the memory wall, as the massive number parameters associated with modern LLMs overwhelm memory transfer speeds. For GPT-2, this issue is less significant, as it is tiny compared to modern LLMs. For instance, my laptop has relatively slow DDR4, but even with this as a memory bottleneck, each training step for the GPT-2 small algorithm would take less than .1 seconds if throughput were limited purely by memory bandwidth. (Existing throughput results in a training time of 5.5 seconds, with a theoretical speedup of 65x based on the arithmetic intensity of the kernel and the memory bandwidth). 

The second perspective to consider is starting from a naive approach of un-accelerated CPU execution. In this case, the current practice is to perform all computations on a single CPU, or at best using multiple threads on multiple CPUs. The limits of this practice are determined by the clock speed of the CPU(s), and by the level of parallelism available to them. Multi-threading and SIMD offer potential methods to exploit data level parallelism, but even 16 cores with 512-bit SIMD registers would only allow 256 simultaneous computations on 32-bit floats. Matrix sizes for token embedding and positional embedding matrices have minimum dimension length of 786, meaning there is a significant gap between the available CPU data parallelization and the potential that could be exploited. This is born out in roofline analysis, where the compute bound limit on throughput is only 204.8 GFLOP/s, whereas the theoretical memory bound limit is over 10000 GFLOP/s.

3. My approach is to offload matrix multiplication operations onto a dedicated chip in order speed up the execution. I think this will be successful, as matrix multiplication is slow/computationally intensive when performed on a CPU, but is extensively parallelizable, meaning that there is significant room for speedup in hardware if parallel processing is exploited. For instance, when a row of one matrix is multiplied by the column of the second, all operations can be performed in parallel, which is a significant speedup over sequential multiplication of matrix elements. In my profiling, I found that the CPU execution of my program operated at 155 GFLOP/s, which is approximately 75% of the maximum computation throughput of my CPU. The absolute maximum throughput based on my memory throughput and the arithmetic intensity of my matrix multiplication kernel is 10217 GFLOP/s, indicating that that there is significant room for improvements in processing throughput before hitting my computer's memory wall. 
