1. I am trying to accelerate, i.e. make faster, the GPT-2 algorithm from a baseline of executing it solely on a CPU.

2. There are two ways to consider the question of how the GPT-2 algorithm is executed today. First, is from the real world perspective of how top of the line servers execute the algorithm, which is done on powerful and often custom GPUs. Second, is from the perspective of the starting point of the project. In the second case, the current practice is to perform all computations on a single CPU, or at best using multiple threads on multiple CPUs. The limits of this practice are determined by the clock speed of the CPU(s), and by the level of parallelism available to them. Multi-threading and SIMD offer potential methods to exploit data level parallelism, but even 16 cores with 512-bit SIMD registers would only allow 256 simultaneous computations on 32-bit floats. Matrix sizes for token embedding and positional embedding matrices have minimum dimension length of 786, meaning there is a significant gap between the available CPU data parallelization and the potential that could be exploited. 

3. My approach is to offload matrix multiplication operations onto a dedicated chip in order speed up the execution. I think this will be successful, as matrix multiplication is slow/computationally intensive when performed on a CPU, but is extensively parallelizable, meaning that there is significant room for speedup in hardware if parallel processing is exploited. For instance, when a row of one matrix is multiplied by the column of the second, all operations can be performed in parallel, which is a significant speedup over sequential multiplication of matrix elements. 
