From nvprof analysis, the naive implementation executed in 487680 ns, which corresponds to 4403 GFLOPS. The tiled implementation executed in 398943 ns, with corresponding 5383 GFLOPS. The tiled version was 22% faster than the naive execution. This improvement was due to the naive implementation being memory bound, indicated by a L1 cache throughput of 99.50%. In comparison, the tiled version had a L1 cache throughput of 82.59%, which resulted in an improvement in compute throughput from 76.49% in the naive version to 82.16% in the tiled version. Higher L1 cache usage in the naive version was due to this version failing to take advantage of shared memory. In the tiled version, each tile was assigned to a different thread block. Each thread block has its own shared memory, from which multiple threads can access data simultaneously. The naive version fails to take advantage of shared memory, instead requiring each thread block to access the L1 cache whenever it needs data. By utilizing shared memory, an extra pipeline to data was made available, which reduced L1 cache congestion. Since the question asks about DRAM traffic specifically, I will note that DRAM utilization was quite small in both cases, at approximately 1.6%. The memory boundedness occurred in the L1 cache, not higher in the hierarchy. 

While the tiled kernel achieved a speedup of 22%, the compute utilization only reached 82.16%, indicating that there was still room for improvement. There are several culprits for this lack of ideal performance. The first is the tail effect. Matrix multiplication was completed in 4.82 waves, but a GPU cannot run a partial wave, only a full wave that utilizes only a portion of its computational power. Therefore 18% of the computation power of the GPU in the final wave was wasted. This alone results in a ~4% performance loss over the ideal case. Another culprit is memory latency. This program was not executed with double buffered memory, meaning that data was read from the same buffer it was written from. This can result in the latency of memory reads stalling the processors as they perform one execution and then wait for the next data. This can be fixed by filling one buffer while reading from another, then switching, which results in the processors always having access to fresh data so long as the memory throughput is sufficient to keep up with the execution speed. 
